guide/en/src/stellogen/definitions.md, before:

# Defining constellations

## Comments

Comments begin with `'` and are written between `'''` for multi-line comments.
They are ignored during execution.

## Static definitions

We can name constellations that are directly written. Identifiers follow the
same rules as for ray function symbols.

```
x = +a; -a $b.
z = -f(X).
```

We can also choose to associate an identifier to another:

```
y = x.
```

As for application in functional programming, union of constellations is
written with a space:

```
union1 = x y z.
```

We can also add parentheses around expressions for more readability or to
avoid syntactic ambiguity:

```
union1 = (x y) z.
```

However, note that unlike in functional programming there is no defined
ordering.

> Static definitions correspond to the notion of "proof-object" in Curry-Howard correspondence.

## Display

To display constellations, you can use the command `show` followed by a
constellation:

```
show +a; -a $b.
```

The `show` command does not execute constellation. If you want to actually
execute the constellation and display its result, use the `print` command:

```
print +a; -a $b.
```

## Focus

If we wish for stars to be initial, they have to be prefixed with the symbol
`@` (focus):

```
x = @+a; -a $b.
z = @-f(X).
```

Initial stars are put in a work space and are subject to fusion interaction
with copies of the other stars.

We can also focus all stars of a constellation by prefixing it with `@`:

```
x = +a; -a $b.
z = -f(X).
union1 = (@x) z.
```

## Construction process

We can chain constellations with the expression `process ... end`:

```
c = process
  +n0($0).
  -n0(X) +n1($s(X)).
  -n1(X) +n2($s(X)).
end
```

This chain starts with the first constellation `+n0($0)`, considered to be 
initial*. The next constellation then interacts with the previous one. Thus we
have an interaction chain with a complete focus on the previous result.

It's as if we did the following computation:

```
$@+n0($0);
-n0(X) +n1($s(X)).
```

yielding

```
+n1($s($0)).
```

then

```
@+n1($s($0));
-n1(X) +n2($s(X)).
```

yielding

```
+n2($s($s($0))).
```

> This is what corresponds to tactics in proof assistants such as Coq and could
be assimilated to imperative programs which alter state representations
(memory, for example).

> Dynamical constructions correspond to the notion of "proof-process" in Boris
Eng or "proof-trace" in Pablo Donato. Proof-processes construct proof-objects
(constellations).

## Process termination

In the result of an execution, if we represent results as rays with zero
polarity, then stars containing polarized rays can be interpreted as
incomplete computations that could be discarded.

To achieve this in construction processes, we can use the special `kill`
expression:

```
c = process
  +n0($0).
  -n0(X) +n1($s(X)).
  -n1(X) +n2($s(X)).
  -n2(X) $result(X); -n2(X) +n3(X).
  kill.
end

print c.
```

We used a ray `+n3(X)` to continue computations if desired. The result is stored in `$result(X)`.
However, if we want to keep only the result and eliminate any further
computation possibilities, we can use `kill`.

## Process Cleanup

Sometimes we encounter empty stars `[]` in processes. These can be removed
using the `clean` command:

```
print process
  +f($0).
  -f(X).
  clean.
end
```

Commit message:

Change terminology (introduce action and state space)

guide/en/src/stellogen/definitions.md, after:

# Defining constellations

## Comments

Comments begin with `'` and are written between `'''` for multi-line comments.
They are ignored during execution.

## Static definitions

We can name constellations that are directly written. Identifiers follow the
same rules as for ray function symbols.

```
x = +a; -a $b.
z = -f(X).
```

We can also choose to associate an identifier to another:

```
y = x.
```

As for application in functional programming, union of constellations is
written with a space:

```
union1 = x y z.
```

We can also add parentheses around expressions for more readability or to
avoid syntactic ambiguity:

```
union1 = (x y) z.
```

However, note that unlike in functional programming there is no defined
ordering.

> Static definitions correspond to the notion of "proof-object" in Curry-Howard correspondence.

## Display

To display constellations, you can use the command `show` followed by a
constellation:

```
show +a; -a $b.
```

The `show` command does not execute constellation. If you want to actually
execute the constellation and display its result, use the `print` command:

```
print +a; -a $b.
```

## Focus

We can focus all stars of a constellation by prefixing it with `@`:

```
x = +a; -a $b.
z = -f(X).
union1 = (@x) z.
```

## Construction process

We can chain constellations with the expression `process ... end`:

```
c = process
  +n0($0).
  -n0(X) +n1($s(X)).
  -n1(X) +n2($s(X)).
end
```

This chain starts with the first constellation `+n0($0)` as a state space. The
next constellation then interacts as an action space with the previous one 
seen as a state space). Thus we
have an interaction chain with a complete focus on the previous result.

It's as if we did the following computation:

```
$@+n0($0);
-n0(X) +n1($s(X)).
```

yielding

```
+n1($s($0)).
```

then

```
@+n1($s($0));
-n1(X) +n2($s(X)).
```

yielding

```
+n2($s($s($0))).
```

> This is what corresponds to tactics in proof assistants such as Coq and could
be assimilated to imperative programs which alter state representations
(memory, for example).

> Dynamical constructions correspond to the notion of "proof-process" in Boris
Eng or "proof-trace" in Pablo Donato. Proof-processes construct proof-objects
(constellations).

## Process termination

In the result of an execution, if we represent results as rays with zero
polarity, then stars containing polarized rays can be interpreted as
incomplete computations that could be discarded.

To achieve this in construction processes, we can use the special `kill`
expression:

```
c = process
  +n0($0).
  -n0(X) +n1($s(X)).
  -n1(X) +n2($s(X)).
  -n2(X) $result(X); -n2(X) +n3(X).
  kill.
end

print c.
```

We used a ray `+n3(X)` to continue computations if desired. The result is stored in `$result(X)`.
However, if we want to keep only the result and eliminate any further
computation possibilities, we can use `kill`.

## Process Cleanup

Sometimes we encounter empty stars `[]` in processes. These can be removed
using the `clean` command:

```
print process
  +f($0).
  -f(X).
  clean.
end
```
